SLOGO ADDITION

Esimation: 
I don't think this feature will take very long to implement because of the way we did the command hierarchy on the back end of SLogo and the Observable. The observable has access to all of the turtles at their current locations, so I believe that implementing this command will simply be a matter of accessing that cache in the command and having all the turtles duplicate their image view at their current location when the stamp command is called. I also think that we will need to keep a collection of all the stamps so that when the user calls the clear command all we have to do is remove everything inside this collection from the root and the collection itself. I think the only files we will need to add/update will be the class that extends the observable so that we can add to the cache that is the observable. I also think we will need to create two new classes for the two new commands that add onto the command hierarchy that Hari created in our SLogo

Review: 
It didn't take my long at all to add my new feature. It took less than an hour. The only files that I needed to edit where the SLogoData observable to also hold a collection of image views that represent all the stamps. The reason I had to add this is because implementing this feature requires communication between the front and back end at a very low level in the back end hierarchy. Observables are a great way to handle that issue and do the trick in this case. I also, obviously, had to create new command classes for the two new commands. Both of them are observers of the observable. Although this is might be a weird design considering that none of our other actions are observers, the nature of this action made it necessary. These commands needed to be added because the way our SLogo is structured is such that there needs to be a class for every command that extends one of the abstract command super classes (such as TurtleCommandNoParams). And, no, it didn't initially work
because I was kind of rusty in terms of working with this observable considering it's been so long since SLogo, but after I refamiliarized myself, it was pretty easy to implement.

Analysis: 
I think the fact that it was so easy to implement reveals that our project's design was actually really good. All I had to do to add a command was create a new command class that extends the appropriate super class. And then I had to make the observer keep track of the information that this command deals with. And then I implemented the command to edit the information in the observer appropriately. Three easy steps that didn't take long at all because of the existence of a command hierarchy and an observer. This is even better than I remembered. I worked on the front end for SLogo, so I wasn't exactly sure how flexible the back end design's was. I knew it had to be good considering Hari refactored so much of the code to be extremely well designed, but this is much better than I expected it to be. Almost every method that's important
to understanding how the program works is properly documented and the hierarchy is very understandable. I honestly don't think there's much that could have been improved about this code to tackle this issue. I can't think of any sort of commands that I'd want to add that this scaffolding isn't prepared to tackle. If I wasn't familiar with the code, it honestly still wouldn't have been that hard. All I would have to do is read the entire SLogoData observer class and read over a few of the commands in the command hierarchy to understand how it works. If I didn't know an observer existed, I think this extension would have been impossible for me. But the knowledge of the existence of an observer along with knowledge of the command hierarchy and how easy it is to add a command into it made this extension a lot easier than I thought it was going to be.